[LISKDOCS-71] Add Gelato and thirdweb to node providers page (#300)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/lisk-tools/node-providers.md

- [Lisk Mainnet nodes by Tenderly](https://docs.tenderly.co/node/rpc-reference/lisk)
- [Lisk Sepolia Testnet nodes by Tenderly](https://docs.tenderly.co/node/rpc-reference/lisk-sepolia)

Tenderly provides a [free trier](https://tenderly.co/pricing) to use their RPC nodes.

## thirdweb

[RPC Edge](https://portal.thirdweb.com/infrastructure/rpc-edge/overview) by thirdweb provides reliable access to querying data and interacting with the blockchain through global edge RPCs.

- [Lisk Mainnet RPC by thirdweb](https://thirdweb.com/lisk)
- [Lisk Sepolia Testnet RPC by thirdweb](https://thirdweb.com/lisk-sepolia-testnet)

> Thirdweb provides a [free trier](https://thirdweb.com/pricing) to use their RPC nodes.

Reviewer: Don't see the free tier! Have they removed it?

Author: Good catch! Yes, they have replaced it with the 5 EUR tier now

- [Lisk Mainnet RPC by thirdweb](https://thirdweb.com/lisk)
- [Lisk Sepolia Testnet RPC by thirdweb](https://thirdweb.com/lisk-sepolia-testnet)

> Thirdweb provides different [price triers](https://thirdweb.com/pricing), with the cheapest one starting from 5 euro per month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thirdweb provides different [price tiers](https://thirdweb.com/pricing), with the cheapest one starting from 5 Euros/Dollars per month.
```
